I know you guys are a lot of your hair
on vacation but it was yet another crazy
day in the United States of America
Donald Trump who maybe haven't heard his
president now a few hours ago
he fired James Comey the director of the
FBI which is kind of like Oh Jay firing
judge Ito halfway through the trial he
hired the director of the FBI while the
director was investigating his people
the possible collusion with Russia this
is unbelie-- the kind of thing dictators
do this is the kind of thing reality TV
hosts do they fire someone every week
maybe that's what happened he thinks
he's still on the Celebrity Apprentice
it was between James Comey and meatloaf
and well the loaf won again
one reason they gave and this is really
something from firing commis because he
mishandled the Hillary Clinton email
situation which is hilarious because
that would mean Trump fired James Comey
for making him president he really does
hate we've seen a lot of unusual stuff
but this is outrageous and what's
something outrageous happens I don't
just sit on my heads I'd do something
about it and that's why I will from here
on be selling these Comey as my homie
[Music]
I wanted to millions of Americans who
are angry about this staple and
disgraceful move
send me 29.99 and I will use some of
that money to send a very nasty letter
directly to the Oval Office also
available in women's and baby tees okay
so that's crazy
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen
forever